Please enter the message:
Hi
Hello! Welcome to the hospital's cafeteria. How can I assist you with your lunch order today?
yes, i would like tuna steak
I'm sorry, but tuna steak is not on our menu today. Would you like me to go over the menu options with you?
yes 
Great! Let's start with salads. We have Greek Salad with feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, and a lemon vinaigrette, and Mango and Cucumber Salad with red onion, cilantro, and lime dressing. Which one would you like to order?
Great, i will take greek salad
2023-04-13 14:16:29,011 - root - INFO - agent called add_item(Greek Salad), got: Greek Salad
Great choice! I have added the Greek Salad to your order. Now, let's move on to soups. We have Mulligatawny Soup, an Indian soup made with lentils, vegetables, and spices, and French Onion Soup with Gruyere Cheese Croutons. Which one would you like to order?
You said indian soup with spices?
Yes, that's right. Mulligatawny Soup is an Indian soup made with lentils, vegetables, and spices. Would you like to order it?
is it spicy?
Yes, Mulligatawny Soup is a bit spicy. Would you like to try it?
yes, sure, i like spicy food!
2023-04-13 14:17:19,668 - root - INFO - agent called add_item(Mulligatawny Soup(spicy)), got: Greek Salad, Mulligatawny Soup(spicy)
Great! I have added the Mulligatawny Soup (spicy) to your order. Moving on to main courses, we have Chicken Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice and Naan Bread, and Beef Bourguignon with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. Which one would you like to order?
what did you say? Greek Beans?
I'm sorry for the confusion. The main courses we have are Chicken Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice and Naan Bread, and Beef Bourguignon with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. Which one would you like to order?
Great, i will take Beef Bourguignon
2023-04-13 14:18:15,098 - root - INFO - agent called add_item(Beef Bourguignon), got: Greek Salad, Mulligatawny Soup(spicy), Beef Bourguignon
Great choice! I have added the Beef Bourguignon to your order. Finally, for dessert, we have Gulab Jamun, an Indian dessert made with fried dough balls soaked in syrup, and Tiramisu, an Italian dessert made with layers of ladyfingers, mascarpone cheese, and coffee. Which one would you like to order?
I like Tiramisu, please add it to the order.
2023-04-13 14:18:38,496 - root - INFO - agent called add_item(Tiramisu), got: Greek Salad, Mulligatawny Soup(spicy), Beef Bourguignon, Tiramisu
Great! I have added the Tiramisu to your order. Is there anything else you would like to add or remove from your order?
yes, i would like a red wine
I'm sorry, but we do not serve alcohol in the hospital cafeteria. Is there anything else you would like to add or remove from your order?
yes, do you have drinks?
Yes, we have Mango Lassi, an Indian drink made with yogurt, mango, and spices, and Sparkling Water with a Squeeze of Lemon. Which one would you like to order?
I will take Mango Lassi
2023-04-13 14:19:38,964 - root - INFO - agent called add_item(Mango Lassi), got: Greek Salad, Mulligatawny Soup(spicy), Beef Bourguignon, Tiramisu, Mango Lassi
Great! I have added the Mango Lassi to your order. Your order now includes: Greek Salad, Mulligatawny Soup (spicy), Beef Bourguignon, Tiramisu, and Mango Lassi. Is there anything else you would like to add or remove from your order?
no, thank you
You're welcome! Your order is complete. Your food will be delivered shortly. Thank you for choosing our hospital cafeteria. Have a good day!
ok
